[all hosts] (terminology) Removing term 'third-party' where applicable (#3373)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/concepts/privacy-and-security.md

- Before publishing an add-in, developers should make sure that any personal identifiable information that they expose in their add-in files is secure.

> - Developers shouldn't embed keys that they use to access external APIs or services (such as Bing, Google, or Facebook) directly in the HTML pages of their add-in. Instead, they should create a custom web service or store the keys in some other form of secure web storage that they can then call to pass the key value to their add-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Developers shouldn't embed keys that they use to access APIs or services from Microsoft and others (such as Bing, Google, or Facebook) directly in the HTML pages of their add-in. Instead, they should create a custom web service or store the keys in some other form of secure web storage that they can then call to pass the key value to their add-in.
```
